"Flax\n\nCopyright (c) 2020 Jürgen Rheinhold\n\n*** END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT ***\n\nIMPORTANT: PLEASE READ THIS LICENSE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SOFTWARE.\\nn1. LICENSE\n\nBy receiving, opening the file package, and/or using Flax 1.0('Software') containing this software, you agree that this End User User License Agreement(EULA) is a legally binding and valid contract and agree to be bound by it. You agree to abide by the intellectual property laws and all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement.\nUnless you have a different license agreement sign Jürgen Reinhold your use of Flax 1.0 indicates your acceptance of this license agreement and warranty.\nSubject to the terms of this Agree Jürgen Reinhold grants to you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license, without right to sub-license, to use Flax 1.0 in accordance with this Agreement and any other written agreement Jürgen Reinhold does not transfer the title of Flax 1.0 to you; the license granted to you is not a sale. This agreement is a binding legal agreement be Jürgen Reinhold and the purchasers or users of Flax 1.0.\nIf you do not agree to be bound by this agreement, remove Flax 1.0 from your phone now.\n\n2. DISTRIBUTION\n\nFlax 1.0 and the license herein granted shall not be copied, shared, distributed, re-sold, offered for re-sale, transferred or sub-licensed in whole or in part except that you may make one copy for archive purposes only. For information about redistribution of Flax 1.0 ask Jürgen Reinhold.\n\n3. USER AGREEMENT\n\n3.1 Use\n\nYour license to use Flax 1.0 is limited to the number of licenses purchased by you. You shall not allow others to use, copy or evaluate copies of Flax 1.0.\n\n3.2 Use Restrictions\n\nYou shall use Flax 1.0 in compliance with all applicable laws and not for any unlawful purpose. Without limiting the foregoing, use, display or distribution of Flax 1.0 together with material that is pornographic, racist, vulgar, obscene, defamatory, libelous, abusive, promoting hatred, discriminating or displaying prejudice based on religion, ethnic heritage, race, sexual orientation or age is strictly prohibited.\n\nEach licensed copy of Flax 1.0 may be used on one single phone location by one user. Use of Flax 1.0 means that you have loaded, installed, or run Flax 1.0 on a phone or similar device.\n\nYou may make one copy of Flax 1.0 for backup purposes, providing you only have one copy installed on one phone being used by one person. Other users may not use your copy of Flax 1.0 . The assignment, sublicense, networking, sale, or distribution of copies of Flax 1.0 are strictly forbidden without the prior written consense Jürgen Reinhold. It is a violation of this agreement to assign, sell, share, loan, rent, lease, borrow, network or transfer the use of Flax 1.0. If any person other than yourself uses Flax 1.0 registered in your name, regardless of whether it is at the same time or different times, then this agreement is being violated and you are responsible for that violation!\n\n3.3 Copyright Restriction\n\nThis Software contains copyrighted material, trade secrets and other proprietary material. You shall not, and shall not attempt to, modify, reverse engineer, disassemble or decompile Flax 1.0. Nor can you create any derivative works or other works that are based upon or derived from Flax 1.0 in whole or in Jürgen Reinhold´s name, logo and graphics file that represents Flax 1.0 shall not be used in any way to promote products developed with Flax Jürgen Reinhold retains sole and exclusive ownership of all right, title and interest in and to Flax 1.0 and all Intellectual Property rights relating thereto.\n\nCopyright law and international copyright treaty provisions protect all parts of Flax 1.0, products and services. No program, code, part, image, audio sample, or text may be copied or used in any way by the user except as intended within the bounds of the single user program. All rights not expressly granted hereunder are reserve Jürgen Reinhold.\n\n3.4 Limitation of Responsibility\n\nYou will indemnify, hold harmless, and Jürgen Reinhold , its employees, agents and distributors against any and all claims, proceedings, demand and costs resulting from or in any way connected with your Jürgen Reinhold´s Software.\n\nIn no event (including, without limitation, in the event of negligenceJürgen Reinhold , its employees, agents or distributors be liable for any consequential, incidental, indirect, special or punitive damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for loss of profits, loss of use, business interruption, loss of information or data, or pecuniary loss), in connection with or arising out of or related to this Agreement, Flax 1.0 or the use or inability to use Flax 1.0 or the furnishing, performance or use of any other matters hereunder whether based upon contract, tort or any other theory including negligence Jürgen Reinhold´s entire liability, without exception, is limited to the customers' reimbursement of the purchase price of the Software in exchange for the return of the product.\n\n3.5 Warranties\n\nExcept as expressly stated in written Jürgen Reinhold makes no representation or warranties in respect of this Software and expressly excludes all other warranties, expressed or implied, oral or written, including, without limitation, any implied warranties of merchantable quality or fitness for a particular purpose.\n\n3.6 Governing Law\n\nThis Agreement shall be governed by the law of the Germany applicable therein. You hereby irrevocably attorn and submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Germany therefrom. If any provision shall be considered unlawful, void or otherwise unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from this License and not affect the validity and enforceability of any other provisions.\n\n3.7 Termination\n\nAny failure to comply with the terms and conditions of this Agreement will result in automatic and immediate termination of this license. Upon termination of this license granted herein for any reason, you agree to immediately cease use of Flax 1.0 and destroy all copies of Flax 1.0 supplied under this Agreement. The financial obligations incurred by you shall survive the expiration or termination of this license.\n\n4. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY\n\nTHIS SOFTWARE AND THE ACCOMPANYING FILES ARE SOLD 'AS IS' AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES AS TO PERFORMANCE OR MERCHANTABILITY OR ANY OTHER WARRANTIES WHETHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. THIS DISCLAIMER CONCERNS ALL FILES GENERATED AND EDITED BY Flax 1.0 AS WELL.\n\n5. CONSENT OF USE OF DATA\n\nYou agree Jürgen Reinhold may collect and use information gathered in any manner as part of the product support services provided to you, if any, related to Flax Jürgen Reinhold may also use this information to provide notices to you which may be of use or interest to you."
