"Privacy policy

Personal data (hereinafter referred to as 'data') are processed by us only to the extent necessary and for the purpose of providing a functional and user-friendly Internet presence, including its contents and the services offered there.

Pursuant to Art. 4 item 1. of Regulation (EU) 2016/679, i.e. the Basic Data Protection Regulation (hereinafter referred to only as 'DSGVO'), 'processing' shall mean any operation or set of operations carried out with or without the aid of automated procedures in connection with personal data, such as collection, recording, organisation, filing, storage, adaptation or alteration, reading, querying, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or any other form of making available, alignment or combination, restriction, deletion or destruction.

With the following data protection declaration we inform you in particular about the type, scope, purpose, duration and legal basis of the processing of personal data, insofar as we decide either alone or together with others about the purposes and means of processing. In addition, we inform you in the following about the third-party components we use for optimisation purposes and to increase the quality of use, insofar as third parties process data on their own responsibility.

Our privacy policy is structured as follows:

I. Information about us as responsible parties
II Rights of users and data subjects
III. Information on data processing

I. Information about us as responsible persons

Responsible provider of this website in the sense of data protection law is:

Jürgen Reinhold
Germany

Phone: 017681302656
E-mail: support.flax@magenta.de

II. rights of users and data subjects

With regard to the data processing described in more detail below, the users and data subjects have the right

to obtain confirmation as to whether or not data relating to him/her are being processed, information on the data processed, further information on the data processing and copies of the data (see also Art. 15 DSGVO)
the correction or completion of incorrect or incomplete data (see also Art. 16 FADP);
to the immediate deletion of data relating to them (cf. also Art. 17 DSGVO), or, alternatively, if further processing is necessary pursuant to Art. 17 para. 3 DSGVO, to the restriction of processing in accordance with Art. 18 DSGVO;
to the receipt of data concerning them and provided by them and to the transfer of such data to other providers/responsible parties (cf. also Art. 20 DSGVO);
to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority if they are of the opinion that data concerning them is being processed by the provider in breach of data protection provisions (cf. also Art. 77 DSGVO).
In addition, the provider is obliged to inform all recipients to whom data has been disclosed by the provider of any correction or deletion of data or the restriction of processing that is carried out on the basis of Articles 16, 17 (1), 18 FADP. However, this obligation does not apply if such notification is impossible or involves disproportionate effort. Notwithstanding this, the user has a right to information about these recipients.

Likewise, in accordance with Art. 21 DSGVO, users and data subjects have the right to object to the future processing of data relating to them, provided that the data is processed by the provider in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 letter f) DSGVO. In particular, an objection to data processing for the purpose of direct marketing is permitted.

III. Information on data processing

Your data processed when using our website will be deleted or blocked as soon as the purpose of the storage no longer applies, the deletion of the data does not conflict with any legal storage obligations and no other information on individual processing methods is provided below.

Customer account / registration function

If you create a customer account with us via our website, we will collect and store the data you enter during registration (e.g. your name, your address or your e-mail address) exclusively for pre-contractual services, for contract fulfilment or for the purpose of customer care (e.g. to provide you with an overview of your previous orders with us or to offer you the so-called notepad function). At the same time we will save the IP address and the date of your registration together with the time. Of course, this data will not be passed on to third parties.

Within the scope of the further registration process, your consent to this processing will be obtained and access to this data will be granted."
